fn_yaff                       :   pars_cov.txt
fn_charmm22_prm               :   None
fn_charmm22_psf               :   None
fn_sys                        :   system.chk
plot_traj                     :   None
xyz_traj                      :   False
fn_traj                       :   None
log_level                     :   high
log_file                      :   quickff.log
program_mode                  :   DeriveFF
only_traj                     :   PT_ALL
ffatypes                      :   None
ei                            :   pars_mbisgauss.txt
ei_rcut                       :   None
vdw                           :   None
vdw_rcut                      :   37.79452267842504
covres                        :   None
excl_bonds                    :   None
excl_bends                    :   None
excl_dihs                     :   None
excl_oopds                    :   None
do_hess_mass_weighting        :   True
do_hess_negfreq_proj          :   False
do_cross_svd                  :   True
cross_svd_rcond               :   1e-08
pert_traj_tol                 :   0.001
pert_traj_energy_noise        :   None
do_bonds                      :   True
do_bends                      :   True
do_dihedrals                  :   True
do_oops                       :   True
do_cross_ASS                  :   True
do_cross_ASA                  :   True
do_cross_DSS                  :   False
do_cross_DSD                  :   False
do_cross_DAA                  :   False
do_cross_DAD                  :   False
consistent_cross_rvs          :   True
remove_dysfunctional_cross    :   True
bond_term                     :   BondHarm
bend_term                     :   BendAHarm
do_squarebend                 :   True
do_bendclin                   :   True
do_sqoopdist_to_oopdist       :   True
